You can change your name and password in your personal account (section “Profile”).
If you have forgotten your password, use a recovery service. The email sent to you will contain a link to change your password.
The login cannot be changed. Those users who registered on the site before May 2015 have a login. Participants who registered later indicate their email when logging in instead of their login.
The “Wallet” section is located in your personal account. The Wallet number can be found in the upper left corner of the “Wallet” section, under your balance amount.
It is not possible to delete tickets on your own - they are automatically moved to the archive after 180 days from the date of the circulation/draw.
To change the status of a subscription, click on its name “(Subscription 1, Subscription 2, etc.)” and click “Resume/Pause”, “Delete”.
How to get more bonuses: After registering on the site and purchasing your first lottery ticket, you will receive 20 bonuses. Participate in lotteries, bonus games, special promotions, give tickets, invite friends. The promotions award prizes worth thousands of bonuses! We inform you about promotions in letters, as well as in the “News” section.
What you can spend bonuses on: First of all, for free issuance of tickets on stoloto.ru: each lottery has a denomination in bonuses. Other options: Bonus games where you can have fun and win up to 5,000 bonuses. Bonus validity period: 6 months from the date of accrual. In some promotions this period is shorter. Read the terms and conditions of the promotion carefully.
To set up or disable mailings, open “Profile” in your personal account and go to the “Notifications” section.
You can also write to info@stoloto.ru or support chat. Tell the consultant the email or phone number to which you no longer want to receive mailings.
Lotteries can be drawn or non-draw (instant). A draw is a lottery in which the prize pool is drawn between all participants at the same time after the distribution of lottery tickets. Conducting such a lottery may include separate draws.
Draw lotteries include: “Sportloto “4 out of 20”, “Sportloto “5 out of 36”, “Sportloto “6 out of 45”, “Sportloto “7 out of 49”, “Big Sportloto”, “Hunting”, “Rapido”, “Rapido 2.0”, “Russian Lotto”, “Housing Lottery”, “KENO”, “Top-3”, “All or Nothing”, “Golden Horseshoe”, “Rocketbingo”, “Easier than twice two” and “Fun” from Russian Lotto.
A non-draw (or instant) lottery is a lottery in which information that allows determining winnings is included in lottery tickets at the stage of their production, and the result of the drawing becomes known immediately after removing the protective layer on the ticket or after opening the ticket (if it is an envelope ticket) . Instant lotteries are available at retail points of sale: lottery kiosks, branches of Rosselkhozbank and vending machines. Instant lotteries include “Fun Starts”, “Sports Festival”, “Sports Season”, “Sports Without Borders”, “Russian Games”, “Forward to Victory”, “Faster, Higher, Stronger!”, “Patterns on Ice” , “The Peaks of Success” and “Let’s Go!”
About the prize fund in draw lotteries: In “Sportloto “4 out of 20”” tickets are won in which at least two numbers out of 20 match in the corresponding field. First, winnings for 2 + 1 and 1 + 2 guessed numbers are distributed. Winnings in other categories are distributed as a percentage. If you matched 4 numbers out of 20 in the first field and 4 numbers out of 20 in the second, you won a super prize.
In “Sportloto “5 out of 36” the winnings for matching 2, 3 and 4 numbers in the first field are fixed. The winning amounts for 5+0 and 5+1 matched numbers are formed after the distribution of the prize fund for the 2, 3 and 4 numbers matched.
In “Sportloto “6 out of 45” there are fixed winnings for 2, 3, 4 and 5 numbers guessed. Those participants who guessed 6 numbers receive a super prize.
In “Sportloto “7 out of 49” there are fixed winnings for 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 numbers guessed. Those participants who guessed 7 numbers receive a super prize.
In “Hunting” all winnings, except for the super prize, are fixed. The lottery also has an increased prize fund - 60% of the volume of tickets sold. To win a super prize, you need to guess 4 numbers in the first field and 4 numbers in the second. There are a total of 12 winning categories in the Hunt.
In Rapido, winnings in categories two through nine are fixed, and the prize fund is 67% of the proceeds. To become a winner, you just need to guess 5 numbers in the first part of the field or 4 numbers in the first part of the field plus one number in the second. In total, Rapido has 9 categories of winnings, and 4 of them are paid on tickets where the number in the second part of the playing field was not guessed.
In Rapido 2.0, winnings in categories two through nine are fixed, and the prize fund is 50% of the proceeds. To become a winner, you just need to guess 5 numbers in the first part of the field or 4 numbers in the first part of the field plus one number in the second. In total, Rapido 2.0 has 9 categories of winnings.
In KENO-Sportloto, the winnings of the second round are fixed. The more numbers you choose and guess, the more you win. The size of your winnings is also affected by the value of the multiplier you choose.
In “Top 3” the winnings of the second round are fixed and depend on the type of game. A multiplier is used to increase the possible winnings.
There are eight winning categories in “Duel”: seven fixed ones and a super prize. Each ticket can only win in one winning category. The winnings depend on how many numbers were guessed and in which field.
In “Russian Lotto Fun” and “All or Nothing” there are fixed winnings for 1, 2, 3, 4 or 8, 9,10, 11 numbers guessed. Those participants who guessed 12 numbers or did not guess a single one receive a super prize, which grows from draw to draw. Tickets that match 5, 6 and 7 numbers do not win.
In “Top 3” the winnings of the second round are fixed and depend on the type of game. A multiplier is used to increase the possible winnings.
Rocketbingo has several winning categories with fixed prizes and a Jackpot. Each ticket can only win in one category. The winnings depend on at what stage of the drawing the winning figure on the ticket is closed.
The “Duel” and “Easier than twice two” lotteries have eight winning categories: seven fixed ones and a super prize. Each ticket can only win in one winning category. The winnings depend on how many numbers were guessed and in which field.
A super prize is a prize fund that is transferred from one draw to another according to the rules established by the lottery conditions. The super prize is formed from the prize fund of the 1st category of winnings of the draw (in the lottery "Sportloto "5 of 36" - from the 1st and 2nd categories of winnings), if in the 1st category of winnings (in the lottery "Sportloto " 5 out of 36" - in the 1st and (or) 2nd categories of winnings) there were no winning participants and the lottery operator did not distribute the funds of the 1st category of winnings (in the lottery "Sportloto "5 out of 36" - 1st and ( or) 2nd category of drawing winnings) to other categories of drawing winnings. The exact size of the super prize is determined based on the results of the draw. If the size of the draw payout exceeds the size of the prize fund formed in it, funds from the super prize may be used for payments.
Each lottery has a minimum guaranteed super prize. Until the amount of the accumulated super prize exceeds the guaranteed amount, the value of the super prize will not change.
The circulation commission monitors the progress of each drawing and confirms its results - it signs the protocol of the circulation commission and the official table of drawing results.
At the discretion of the lottery operator, the value of the prizes awarded may vary. Information about the cash equivalent of prizes for the next draw is published in the “News” section on Sundays.
Can foreign citizens participate in the lottery? Yes, if they have legal capacity and are over 18 years of age. To participate in lotteries on the site, you will need a SIM card with the number of a Russian, Belarusian, Kazakhstani, Tajik, Moldavian, Uzbek, Armenian, Azerbaijani and Georgian or Ukrainian telecom operator to complete registration and further receive information.
Which lotteries are drawn on lottery machines at the lottery center? The lottery center hosts the following lotteries: “Sportloto “6 out of 45”, “Sportloto “7 out of 49”, “Sportloto “4 out of 20” and “Big Sportloto”.
How to avoid becoming a victim of scammers? Winning the lottery is always random. Be wary of anyone who claims otherwise and tries to take money from you for information. Read more about types of fraud and ways to protect yourself in the “Beware of Scammers” section.